README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

update: Migrated to World App Template

README.md, after:

## Create a Mini App

[Mini apps](https://docs.worldcoin.org/mini-apps) enable third-party developers to create native-like applications within World App.

This template is a way for you to quickly get started with authentication and examples of some of the trickier commands.

## Getting Started

1. cp .env.example .env.local
2. Follow the instructions in the .env.local file
3. Run `npm run dev`
4. Run `ngrok http 3000`
5. Run `npx auth secret` to update the `AUTH_SECRET` in the .env.local file
6. Add your domain to the `allowedDevOrigins` in the next.config.ts file.
7. [For Testing] If you're using a proxy like ngrok, you need to update the `AUTH_URL` in the .env.local file to your ngrok url.
8. Continue to developer.worldcoin.org and make sure your app is connected to the right ngrok url
9. [Optional] For Verify and Send Transaction to work you need to do some more setup in the dev portal. The steps are outlined in the respective component files.

## Authentication

This starter kit uses [Minikit's](https://github.com/worldcoin/minikit-js) wallet auth to authenticate users, and [next-auth](https://authjs.dev/getting-started) to manage sessions.

## UI Library

This starter kit uses [Mini Apps UI Kit](https://github.com/worldcoin/mini-apps-ui-kit) to style the app. We recommend using the UI kit to make sure you are compliant with [World App's design system](https://docs.world.org/mini-apps/design/app-guidelines).

## Eruda

[Eruda](https://github.com/liriliri/eruda) is a tool that allows you to inspect the console while building as a mini app. You should disable this in production.

## Contributing

This template was made with help from the amazing [supercorp-ai](https://github.com/supercorp-ai) team.
